hey this is Daryl from TechCrunch i was
at Google i/o 2015 earlier where they
revealed a whole host of new things
including Android M the next major
version of their operating system let's
take a look at some of the features that
offers on my Nexus 5 with Android and
preview install so one of the bigger new
features of Android M is Google now on
tap that's an extension of Google now
that gives you contextual information
about whatever you're doing at any given
time so do it activate that you just
long press on the home button and it
pops up here now as you can see there's
nothing available yet so this is
something that's going to be populated
on the server end later on but based on
their demos at the keynote today it's
going to be very impressive and that can
also give you quick access to your
Google now information so the app drawer
is another new thing that's changed here
in Android M and as you can see you get
that search bar at the top right there
which is very convenient and you've also
got access to your most recently our
most frequently used apps here at the
top also you can scroll through and see
your abs organized alphabetically and
with the letter you're currently on
stays persistent in the left hand side
one new feature in android m that a lot
of people might be excited about is
actually a small one but it deals with
volume so on Android 5 the version from
last year you adjust to the volume here
with the buttons and it would be ringer
or song music or alerts and you weren't
ever sure which one was going to come up
there was no easy way to silence the
others but now you can do it and it does
a better job of guessing which one you
want to control but you can also hit
over here and then adjust all the
sliders on an individual basis to
control the various volume levels that
was just a small taste of what's new in
Android M there's a lot of new features
but many of them aren't live just yet or
require additional support from
developers that will come later on